Notes

- Who we are
- What we do
- who uses django
- why us



A startup development company

Passionate, pragmatic.


The website development cost includes custom UI/UX design, front-end and back-end coding, custom web development, QA and testing, basic SEO, installing plugins and extensions, adding web tracking scripts (for example Google Analytics).

We follow all website accessibility regulations (WCAG 2.0 AA) to make your website accessible for all people.

A beautiful facade, a functional and original interface, and a unique solution to your needs. 

Such startup companies provide innovative ideas that attract many investors and grow into serious organizations.

We will make your idea clear for your users with the best UI/UX website design practices

If you have an idea to set up a business, this doesn’t mean that you need to invest in this startup all the capital you have.

Certainly you will face some risks, like any unskilled web developer would, but you can reduce your risks by using Upwork or other websites used for hiring freelancers. Also, you can ask your friends for web developer recommendations.


Our developers write clean, quality code. Code quality impacts how safe, secure, and reliable a site or an app is. To help your site get found on internet search engines, we provide Search Engine Optimization services at this stage.
Every page, form, and button is tested and verified. F5 Studio’s QA engineers test web presence in different browsers, on different devices, and at different screen resolutions to ensure that the generated code fully complies with modern web standards. After the web project has passed the final check, it can be launched.


Flexible engagements
From 20 hours a month to 40 hours a week, you can scale up or down as your business needs change

We can get started as early as the day you contact us.

So for a startup, building a high-performing software development team is more stressful than finding the best developers.

In this article, we have shared some tips that can help you build a successful software development team that will set your business on a path to success.

Startups should hire a software development team that brings their experience and knowledge to the fore

they will take care of your both front-end and back-end project requirements

Automation of routine tasks can empower your team to concentrate on complex issues

The most effective software development teams consist of members who feel free to communicate with their minds. As whenever they encounter a deficiency or a problem, they are aware that it should be exposed, without fear of reprisal or ridicule. Emotional security improves your team's confidence, improves productivity, and strengthens relationships

As a matter of fact, the bare minimum you can do here is simply come up with an idea and a loose plan of what you want the overall product to look like.

Startups are passion projects that require teamwork and vision, and you want a software developer that shares and understands your passion and will bring your vision to life. They are an extension of your team.

have specific soft skills for positive communication, successful teamwork, and anticipation

Effective communication between you and the dedicated development team is crucial for success. The most important thing is the common language on some high level to exchange opinions without difficulties.

you expect it to be self-organized and capable of tackling issues independently, which is necessary for good teamwork and agile development. The candidates must be proactive and capable of making suggestions and reporting issues without being prompted.

With a dedicated software development team, you will not spend any time training new employees, as each outsourced developer has their skills already in place


Our SDLC makes it possible to prepare the environment for work in hours instead of weeks. 
We have developed a proven process that guides our clients through identifying their needs to execute the idea.
We have experience of working with the same clients for a long time. 
We are flexible, efficient scaling.
Our team is known to be proactive in providing ideas and feedback. 
You can expand or reduce your remote team size on demand.
Our dedicated developers are always there to solve problems.

We are a lean, nimble team. Get you up and running without the need to spend $ until you get funding and grow:
Software Engineers 
Quality Assurance 
UI/UX Designers 
Product Managers
Project Managers



With us, you get direct access to a variety of web design and development resources to align perfectly with your business goals and technology requirements. Streamline your custom web application development pipeline by partnering up with an all-in-one web design and development services provider.

Supporting all mainstream web technologies and cloud platforms, we offer a versatile solution for smaller projects looking to quickly launch innovative products using a lean, resource-efficient and test-driven approach.










"Get in touch"



Services included

User-friendly
Full responsive
SEO
A11y
Performance

